= Section 1.2 - Running the Installer Script

== Run the Installer Script

From the root of the sdp-helm-chart directory, run the command

....
./installer.sh
....

Supply a GitHub username and password (or access token) when prompted.

[IMPORTANT]
.*Important:*
====
This GitHub login must be for the public GitHub site, and not a GitHub
Enterprise server
====

Should the installer script fail, see if you can use the error
message to resolve the issue and try running the script again. If that
fails, go to the previous pages of the guide and make sure the
prerequisites are met and the steps were completed.

After the SDP has successfully been installed, you should see this
message:

....
Successfully Installed the Solutions Delivery Platform.

âœ” Solutions Delivery Platform Installed
....

While the SDP has been installed on OpenShift, it needs a few minutes to
prepare and set up. Go to the overview page for the "sdp" project in
your OpenShift cluster's web console to monitor the progress. The
overview page should also show the links for Jenkins and any other tools
you opted to install.

== Verify the Installation

After a few minutes, Jenkins should finish setting up. On the overview
page for the "sdp" project you should see all blue rings showing all of
the pods are running successfully. When you click on the Jenkins link -
it'll be something like _http://jenkins.app.ocp.example.com_ - you
should be redirected to an OpenShift login page. Use your OpenShift
credentials to log in. If you're prompted to allow the _jenkins_ Service
Account to access your account, click "Allow selected permissions" to
proceed. You should see a fresh Jenkins ready for new jobs.

If you installed SonarQube, you should be able to click on the its link
- it'll be something like _http://sonarqube.apps.ocp-dev.microcaas.net_
- and go to the SonarQube homepage. Log in with the username and
password "admin" and optionally skip the tutorial. You should see an
empty SonarQube ready to analyze projects.

== Next Steps

If all you need is Jenkins and the DevOps tools, you should be finished.
Jenkins has the JTE and a number of standard plugins installed for you.
It also has credentials for GitHub, the Openshift Docker registry, and
Sonarqube already created.

Continue on to the following sections to walk through creating a CI/CD
pipeline using the SDP to automatically deploy your applications to
OpenShift.
